README.md, before:

# NestJS Serverless App

This is a proof-of-concept app which utilizes the following projects/technologies.

### Primary Tasks for PoC

- [NestJS](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) - NodeJS Framework.
- [Serverless](https://github.com/serverless/serverless) - Build applications with serverless architectures using AWS Lambda.
  - [Provisioned Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2019/12/aws-lambda-announces-provisioned-concurrency/) - We would like to use provisioned lambda this time.
- [Cloud Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore) - flexible, scalable NoSQL cloud database.
- [Firebase Auth](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth) - User management
  - We now have an implementation of `Firebase Auth` `Guard`.
- Push Notification
  - Sending messages to all users. Scalability is very important.
- Push Data
  - Do we need Data push feature to spread affected people list using tech like Firebase Firestore?

### Progress

| Technology        | Sub-task           | Progress    |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| NestJS            | -                  | In-Progress |
|                   | Initial Setup      | Done        |
|                   | Lambda Handler     | Done        |
|                   | Auth JWT Generator | Done        |
|                   | SMS Integration    | In-Progress |
| Serverless        | -                  | Done        |
|                   | Lambda deployment  | Done        |
|                   | Provisioned Lambda | Done        |
| Firestore         | -                  | Not Started |
| Firebase Auth     | -                  | Done        |
| CI/CD support     | -                  | Done        |
|                   | CircleCI           | Done        |
| Push Notification | -                  | Not Started |
|                   | Pinpoint           | -           |
| Push Data         | -                  | Not Started |
|                   | Firestore          | -           |

### Secondary Tasks for PoC

- `docker-compose` - It would be good to have it for local development.
  - This would be a good alternative since `serverless offline` does not support hot-reload (at least the way it's implemented right now in this repo). This should consider the use of `offline DynamoDB`.
- `Swagger/openapi` - Investigate how to auto-generate it with decorators, etc. (We should not think about maintaining it manually).
- `Stages` - Configure various deployment stages like `dev`, `stg`, `prd`.
- `APIGateway` - Configure domain routing, etc. via `serverless` resources (we do not need `terraform` if we can do all config via `serverless` YAML.)

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Running the app in serverless offline mode

```bash
$ npm run sls-offline
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Contributors

- [Yash Murty](https://github.com/yashmurty)
- [Shogo Mitomo](https://github.com/shogo-mitomo)

Commit message:

docs(readme): Update lambda main file

README.md, after:

# NestJS Serverless App

This is a proof-of-concept app which utilizes the following projects/technologies.

### Primary Tasks for PoC

- [NestJS](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) - NodeJS Framework.
- [Serverless](https://github.com/serverless/serverless) - Build applications with serverless architectures using AWS Lambda.
  - [Provisioned Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2019/12/aws-lambda-announces-provisioned-concurrency/) - We would like to use provisioned lambda this time.
- [Cloud Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore) - flexible, scalable NoSQL cloud database.
- [Firebase Auth](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth) - User management
  - We now have an implementation of `Firebase Auth` `Guard`.
- Push Notification
  - Sending messages to all users. Scalability is very important.
- Push Data
  - Do we need Data push feature to spread affected people list using tech like Firebase Firestore?

### Progress of PoC

| Technology        | Sub-task           | Progress    |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| NestJS            | -                  | In-Progress |
|                   | Initial Setup      | Done        |
|                   | Lambda Handler     | Done        |
|                   | SMS Integration    | Done        |
|                   | Swagger            | Done        |
| Serverless        | -                  | Done        |
|                   | Lambda deployment  | Done        |
|                   | Provisioned Lambda | Done        |
| Firestore         | -                  | Not Started |
| Firebase Auth     | -                  | Done        |
| CI/CD support     | -                  | Done        |
|                   | CircleCI Config    | Done        |
|                   | CircleCI github    | Done        |
| Push Notification | -                  | Not Started |
|                   | Pinpoint           | -           |
| Push Data         | -                  | Not Started |
|                   | Firestore          | -           |

### Secondary Tasks for PoC

- `docker-compose` - It would be good to have it for local development.
  - This would be a good alternative since `serverless offline` does not support hot-reload (at least the way it's implemented right now in this repo). This should consider the use of `offline DynamoDB or Firestore?`.
- `Swagger/openapi` - Investigate how to auto-generate it with decorators, etc. (We should not think about maintaining it manually).
- `Stages` - Configure various deployment stages like `dev`, `stg`, `prd`.
- `APIGateway` - Configure domain routing, etc. via `serverless` resources (we do not need `terraform` if we can do all config via `serverless` YAML.)

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

- Make sure you add the `env` values in `.env` file. Just copy the `.env.template` file.
- Make sure you download the `serviceAccountKey.json` file and add it to root.
  - Official doc [link](https://firebase.google.com/docs/admin/setup#initialize-sdk).

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Running the app in serverless offline mode

```bash
$ npm run sls-offline
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Deploying the app

- In the future we will deploy via `CircleCi`, but for local deployment to `dev`, run:

```bash
npm run deploy:dev
```

## Contributors

- [Yash Murty](https://github.com/yashmurty)
- [Shogo Mitomo](https://github.com/shogo-mitomo)
